API update, build fixes, add some API flows (#545)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/create-vm.md

1. Advanced options such as run strategy, os type and cloud-init data are optional. You may configure these in the **Advanced Options** section when applicable.

![create-vm](/img/v1.2/vm/create-vm.png)
</TabItem>
<TabItem value="api" label="API">

> You can create virtual machines through the K8s API by creating a
> `VirtualMachine` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create virtual machines using the Kubernetes API, create a `VirtualMachine` object.
```

```yaml
apiVersion: kubevirt.io/v1
kind: VirtualMachine
metadata:
  name: new-vm
  namespace: default
spec:
  runStrategy: RerunOnFailure
  template:
    spec:
      domain:
        cpu:
          cores: 2
          sockets: 1
          threads: 1
        memory: "3996Mi"
        devices:
          disks: []
          interfaces:
            - name: default
              model: virtio
              masquerade: {}
        machine:
          type: q35
        resources:
          requests:
            cpu: "125m"
            memory: "2730Mi"
          limits:
            cpu: 2
            memory: "4Gi"
        networks:
          - name: default
            pod: {}
```

> Check the [API reference](../api/create-namespaced-virtual-machine) for full specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see the [API reference](../api/create-namespaced-virtual-machine).
```
